[app-configuration/core-http] Updating changelogs and versions for PR#6528 (#6541)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/core-http/Changelog.md

# Changelog

## 1.0.3

> - Added in constant to represent the `x-ms-useragent` header for browsers.

Reviewer: Might be more accurate to say:

```suggestion
- Added `x-ms-useragent` to the list of allowed headers in request logs.
```
